
## Prompts

# For easier view go to https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sX4Nu9eZseEqRML0XITOsGRV7llVXfFCC01Itt9-n2I/edit?usp=sharing

Encampment reporting requirements:
“STOP, IF EMERGENCY”
option to report emergency? at minimum direction to call 911 Is there a police, fire, or medical emergency happening right now?
Is there a police, fire, or medical emergency happening right now?
Y/N
Are there any children present?
Y/N
Not sure
How long has the encampment been there?
[written input]
How many tents/structures are present?
Less than 5
5-10
10-20
20+
Are needles, feces or trash present?
Needles
Feces
Trash
All three
Unknown/None
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Pothole:
Where is the pothole located?
Alley
Gutter
Street
What is the pothole surface?
Asphalt
Concrete
Direction of travel
North
South
East
West
Alley
Which Lane?
Right
Left
Both
Alley
Middle Lane
Describe the damage
Pothole
Low Manhole
Cover Service Cut(small cut in pavement across lanes)
Can you see the bottom?
Y/N
unknown
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Weeds and Vegetation
Where on property is the violation
[input]
Select the type of violation
outdoor storage
Trash
Vegetation
Other
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Other
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Abandoned Vehicle
Type of property
Public
Private
Unknown
What is the exact location of the vehicle?
[input]
Plate number
[input]
Plate state
[input]
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Damaged/Fallen Tree
What size is the branch?
Arm
Leg
Waist
Whole tree
Please describe problem and exact location of tree
[input]
Is tree blocking street access or right of way?
Y/N
If a street sign is blocked, is it partial or total obstruction?
Partial
Total
N/A
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Fireworks
“STOP, IF EMERGENCY”
option to report emergency? at minimum direction to call 911 Is there a police, fire, or medical emergency happening right now?
On which date did this occur?
mm/dd/yyy
What time did this happen?
–:-- AM/PM
What did you see or hear? (please describe)
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Shared micromobility
What is the scooter/bike ID number (and/or color)?
[input]
Is the scooter/bike laying on the ground (not standing)?
Y/N
N/A
Is the scooter/bike allowing 5ft of pedestrian clearance?
Y/N
N/A
Is the scooter/bike allowing 4ft of utilities clearance?
Y/N
N/A
Is the scooter/bike parked within 1.5ft of the curb or building?
Y/N
N/A
Is the scooter/bike blocking sight triangle near an intersection/alley/driveway?
Y/N
N/A
If the scooter/bike is damaged, please select the most applicable.
Dialpidated/dysfunctional
broken/missing kickstand
Missing / unidentifiable ID sticker/ number / QR code
N/A
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible (please note any additional damage not previously addressed)
Add photo

Missed trash pickup
NOTE:
Our available topics below have changed!
For missed collections, please continue to use this form, for any other questions or service requests please connect with Sunny, our chatbot. For billing information or to manage your carts, visit your Denver Utilities Online (DUO) account.


Please note: Your area may be experiencing a service delay. If your area is not collected on your scheduled day, please leave your cart(s) out at your designated set out location for next day collection. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
Visit denvergov.org/trashschedule to be notified of service delays.
Did you receive a notice on your cart?
Y/N
What time were your carts/large items set out?
Before 7am
After 7am
Are your carts/large items out and accessible right now?
Y/N
Was there anything blocking access to the cart/items?
Y/N
Unknown
What service was not collected?
Trash
Recycle
Compost
Large items / extra trash
Multiple services
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Graffiti
Type of Property
Park
Private property
Public property
RTD property
Detailed location and description surface the graffiti is on
[input]
Are you the owner or tenant of this property?
Owner
Tenant
Other
Is graffiti higher than the first floor?
Y/N
Unknown (provide description)
Is graffiti profane or racist?
Y/N
Unknown
What is tagged? Item, Company name, other identifying info
[input]
If RTD, please provide: 5 digit RTD bus stop number on red sign: route number: bench number: direction of travel for bus:
[input]
To ensure graffiti can be located and removed, you must include the requested information for the relevant type.
Park Graffiti
Provide item/location of surface that is tagged. For trails, provide as much detail as possible to help us locate the graffiti.
Private Property Graffiti
Provide information on the item that is tagged as well as the exact location of the graffiti. For example, the garage in the alley behind the house.
Public Property Graffiti
Provide description of item that is tagged as well as any information that will help us identify the item. Include company name if it is on the item and any other identifying information.
RTD Graffiti
Provide 5 digit RTD bus stop number on red sign, route or bench number and the direction of travel for the bus.
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible *
Add photo

Animal complaint
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Neighborhood issue
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Snow on Sidewalk
Business or residential property
Business
Residential
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Illegal parking
Is the vehicle blocking a driveway?
Y/N
How long has vehicle been parked?
mm/dd/yyy
Plate Number
[input]
Plate state
[input]
Color, make, style of vehicle
[input]
Type of vehicle
Coupe (2 door)
Sedan (4 door)
Utility vehicle
Pickup truck
SUV
Van
Other
Location of vehicle
Private property
Public property
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Police (non-emergency)
“STOP, IF EMERGENCY”
option to report emergency? at minimum direction to call 911 Is there a police, fire, or medical emergency happening right now?
Agree or go back
If agree
This is an emergency or crime in progress?
Do police need to respond to a non-emergency incident today?
Suspicious person or vehicle in progress
Loud party / noise complaint in progress
Prior burglary
Prior assault (no immediate danger)
Lost property (wallet, etc)
Stolen motor vehicle
Theft from motor vehicle (includes catalytic converters) — no suspect information
Motor vehicle accident — non-injury needing a police response
Prior motor vehicle accident — non-injury — no police investigation needed
Minor crime report — no suspect information and no police investigation
Question or concern for police to review at a later date or time
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

Illegal dumping
Description of vehicle
[input]
License plate number
[input]
Date and time of occurrence
–:-- AM/PM
Or [input]
Description of person(s) doing the disposal
[input]
What type of items are being dumped
[input]
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo

No heat, no water, no electricity
Has management/landlord/property manager been notified?
Y/N
Date management/landlord or property manager notified
mm/dd/yyyy
Is this a home, apartment, condo, townhouse, motel or hotel?
Home
Apartment
Condo
Townhouse
Motel
Hotel
Are you the owner, tenant or other?
Owner
Tenant
Other
What is the unit or room number?
[input]
Are there any pets or weapons in the home? (any pets or weapons must be secured if an investigation is scheduled)
Y/N
Describe the issue in as much detail as possible
Add photo
